
Basicaly want to make all colleges, universities, schools and coachings open and connected.

1.What does facebook already do about this and how we are going to surpass them-

		1.Facebbok ..
		 They have colleges and universities on fb, but they are very messy.One college has more than one page and they are not that convenient for one to have use of them.

		1.neXTclass ..
		 We are instead trying to make this more useful and convenient.Like here we'll try to let colleges have their one profile and users,faculty, administratives will come under them.


		2.Facebook ..
		 On facebook there is no way you could know about one whether what department,what branch is he in, and more about individuals.And I could not find any way to contact with college faculty and administratives what on fb but even nowhere on Internet.

		2.neXTclass .. 
		 We are rather gonna make this thing more interesting,open and wide.Besides students We will offer faculty members and administratives to have their profiles on neXTclass.And here we'll try to make them all available to talk without any friendship unlike people need to do on facebook. I mean it doesn't matter to be friend or not to interact with one another and questions and all. But it depends on listener whether he's interesting to answer or not or even he can ban someone to message him back on useless messages sent by someone.



		 3.Facebook ..
		  Again facebook is chaotic about schools. Lots of messy pages are available on facebook for same school. It seems hard to retrieve the useful informations about schools, students and faculty out of these pages. It might be the reason people not coming back to watch their history.

		 3.neXTclass ..
		   We'll do same for schools as we've planned for colleges and universities.This will bring revolution in education industry.Everything will be so open and connected as it was not ever.



		  4.facebook ..
		   Most importently, on facebook you can search for one you know about but what of others which you are not aware of but still which might be of great benefit for you.Like there are lots of universities around world organinzing online programmes and other events you might have benefit of. But since you don't know even the name of those, how can you ever know of such things happening around you.

		  4.neXTclass ..
		   here on neXTclass we'll create such an environment that you happen to get aware of such events happening around you.And you might have the things and facts out of that event which are for you. 


		 5.neXTclass ..
		   On neXTclass you can easily find the people who use to study with you when you were very young, like your class mates from 5th,6th11th or 12 th class as well as your college mates and lots of more things you can do....	







       
